capital = 926

oob = "GDP"

set_research_slots = 3
set_country_flag = CHI_is_kmt

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = despotism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	accelerationism = 1
	vanguard_socialism = 2
	popular_socialism = 5
	anarchism = 15
	revisionist_socialism = 7
	progressivism = 7
	liberalism = 5
	conservatism = 8
	right_authoritarianism = 20
	despotism = 25
	reactionism = 5
	
}
add_ideas = { 
	GDP_revolutionary_front_united
	GDP_whampoa_military_academy
	GDP_increasing_conflict_between_central_and_local
	GDP_construction_alliance
	GDP_confusion_of_xv
	china_warlord_idea1
}


recruit_character = GDP_xu_chong_zhi
recruit_character = GDP_xu_chong_zhi_2
recruit_character = GDP_Ou_Shengbai
recruit_character = GDP_Ou_Shengbai_left
recruit_character = GDP_Ou_Shengbai_right
recruit_character = GDP_Ba_Jin
recruit_character = GDP_liang_shuming
recruit_character = GDP_chen_jiongming
recruit_character = GDP_Chen_Qitian
recruit_character = GDP_Chen_Qitian_finally
###
recruit_character = GDP_Chen_Jitang
recruit_character = GDP_Fu_Bingchang
recruit_character = GDP_Zou_Lu
recruit_character = GDP_Liu_Jiwen
recruit_character = GDP_Bai_chongxi

recruit_character = GDP_Lin_Yungai
recruit_character = GDP_Wu_Tingyang

recruit_character = GDP_Bai_Chongxi_2
recruit_character = GDP_Huang_Shaohong
recruit_character = GDP_Chen_Jitang_2
recruit_character = GDP_Wang_Gongdu

recruit_character = GDP_Huang_Lingshuang
recruit_character = GDP_Huang_Zunsheng
recruit_character = GDP_Chen_Fumu
recruit_character = GDP_Ma_Junwu
recruit_character = GDP_Liu_Shixin
recruit_character = GDP_Gao_Jianfu
recruit_character = GDP_Peng_Pai

recruit_character = GDP_Liang_Zhonghua
recruit_character = GDP_He_Lian
recruit_character = GDP_Huang_Yanpei
recruit_character = GDP_Xiang_Yujie

recruit_character = GDP_Chang_Yansheng
recruit_character = GDP_Zheng_Tianxi
recruit_character = GDP_Xu_Qingfu
recruit_character = GDP_Liang_Qixiong
recruit_character = GDP_Sa_Mengwu

recruit_character = GDP_Li_Yuri
recruit_character = GDP_Huang_Musong
recruit_character = GDP_Fang_Dingying

recruit_character = GDP_li_hanhun
recruit_character = GDP_xue_yue
recruit_character = GDP_ye_jianying
recruit_character = GDP_yu_hanmou
recruit_character = GDP_zhang_fakui
recruit_character = GDP_yang_yin
recruit_character = GDP_wei_baiqun

recruit_character = GDP_chen_ce
recruit_character = GDP_deng_zhaoxiang

recruit_character = GDP_Bai_Chongxi_3
recruit_character = GDP_chen_qiyou
recruit_character = GDP_deng_yansheng
recruit_character = GDP_huang_sande
recruit_character = GDP_zhon_xiunan
recruit_character = GDP_deng_fa
recruit_character = GDP_zhang_chuntao
recruit_character = GDP_peng_hanyuan
recruit_character = GDP_ruan_xiaoxian
recruit_character = GDP_tang_zhitang
recruit_character = GDP_zhang_tailei
recruit_character = GDP_dai_duheng
recruit_character = GDP_huang_jiamo
recruit_character = GDP_mu_shiying
recruit_character = GDP_shi_zhecun
recruit_character = GDP_ye_lingfeng
recruit_character = GDP_chen_gonyuan
recruit_character = GDP_chen_lianbo
recruit_character = GDP_chen_lianbo
recruit_character = GDP_li_zizhon
recruit_character = GDP_wang_chonhui

recruit_character = GDP_li_qinwen
recruit_character = GDP_he_jiansheng

recruit_character = GDP_Li_mingrui
recruit_character = GDP_Li_Yutang
recruit_character = GDP_Liu_Fei
recruit_character = GDP_Wu_Qiqwei
recruit_character = GDP_Yu_Zuobai
recruit_character = GDP_Zhou_Shidi

activate_advisor = GDP_Chen_Jitang_hog
activate_advisor = GDP_Fu_Bingchang_for
activate_advisor = GDP_Zou_Lu_eco
activate_advisor = GDP_Liu_Jiwen_sec
activate_advisor = GDP_Bai_Chongxi_int


set_party_name = { 
	ideology = anarchism
	long_name = GDP_BFA_anarchism_party_long
	name = GDP_BFA_anarchism_party
}
