capital = 978
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 35

set_country_flag = is_russian_warlord
set_cosmetic_tag = ZHR

if = { limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } set_air_oob = "ZHR_air" }
if = { limit = {  NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }  set_air_oob = "ZHR_air_legacy" }
set_naval_oob = "ZHR_naval"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_trucks =1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
#NSB
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		aa_cannon_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		engines_2 = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		basic_medium_airframe = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
	}
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = fighter_equipment_1
	amount = 200
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_1
	amount = 5000
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_1
	amount = 300
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = support_equipment_1
	amount = 1000
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = train_equipment_1
	amount = 30
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = motorized_equipment_1
	amount = 500
}

add_ideas = {
	ZHR_manchurians
	ZHR_besieged_republic
	ZHR_safe_haven
	ZHR_japanese_influence
	extensive_conscription
	#free_trade
	low_economic_mobilisation
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	totalist = 4
	syndicalist = 10
	radical_socialist = 5
	social_liberal = 12
	market_liberal = 22
	social_democrat = 39
	social_conservative = 2
	authoritarian_democrat = 0
	paternal_autocrat = 5
	national_populist = 1
}

recruit_character = ZHR_Pavel_Milyukov
recruit_character = ZHR_Vasily_Boldyrev
recruit_character = ZHR_alexander_kerensky
recruit_character = ZHR_aleksei_gastev
recruit_character = ZHR_maria_spiridonova
recruit_character = ZHR_leon_trotsky
recruit_character = ZHR_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = ZHR_fyodor_dan
recruit_character = ZHR_sergey_wojciechowski
recruit_character = ZHR_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = ZHR_vasily_chapayev
recruit_character = ZHR_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = ZHR_vasiliy_blyukher
recruit_character = ZHR_yuriy_sablin
recruit_character = ZHR_dmitrij_karbyshev
recruit_character = ZHR_pyotr_lutskov
recruit_character = ZHR_alexandr_vekman
recruit_character = ZHR_vladimir_orlov
recruit_character = ZHR_andrej_maksimov
recruit_character = ZHR_eduard_pantserzhansky
recruit_character = ZHR_mikhail_viktorov
recruit_character = ZHR_bogdanov
#recruit_character = ZHR_vladimir_antonov
#recruit_character = ZHR_lavr_nikolaevich
#recruit_character = ZHR_yuri_antonov
recruit_character = ZHR_maxim_gorky
recruit_character = ZHR_anatoly_lunacharsky
recruit_character = ZHR_nikolai_bukharin
recruit_character = ZHR_yakov_perelman
recruit_character = ZHR_venedikt_myakotin
recruit_character = ZHR_Ivan_Smirnov
recruit_character = ZHR_Peter_Isayev
recruit_character = ZHR_Nikolay_Lossky
recruit_character = ZHR_Zinovy_Rosenbaum
recruit_character = ZHR_Alexander_Bublikov
recruit_character = ZHR_Olga_Vladimirovna_Petkevich
recruit_character = ZHR_Yakov_Sverdlov
recruit_character = ZHR_Boris_Kamkov
recruit_character = ZHR_Vladimir_Nabokov
recruit_character = ZHR_Emergency_Directorate
recruit_character = ZHR_Nikolaj_Kondratiev
recruit_character = ZHR_Yevgeny_Preobrazhensky
recruit_character = ZHR_Alexander_Chayanov
recruit_character = ZHR_Andrei_Shingarev
recruit_character = ZHR_Stanislav_Strumlin
recruit_character = ZHR_Mikhail_Tereshchenko
recruit_character = ZHR_Semyon_Maslov
recruit_character = ZHR_Christian_Rakovsky
recruit_character = ZHR_Dmitry_Furmanov
recruit_character = ZHR_Nikolay_Lvov
recruit_character = ZHR_Osip_Yermansky
recruit_character = ZHR_Ariadna_Tyrkova_Williams
recruit_character = ZHR_Anastasia_Bitsenko
recruit_character = ZHR_Alexander_Gukovsky
recruit_character = ZHR_Konstantin_Nabokov
recruit_character = ZHR_Alexei_Nikitin
recruit_character = ZHR_Alexander_Beloborodov
recruit_character = ZHR_Grigory_Rogov
recruit_character = ZHR_Sergei_Voytsekhovsky
recruit_character = ZHR_Viktor_Pertsov
recruit_character = ZHR_Grigory_Zinoviev
recruit_character = ZHR_Ivan_Yefremov
recruit_character = ZHR_Sergei_Melgunov
recruit_character = ZHR_Lev_Sosnovsky
recruit_character = ZHR_Nestor_kalandarishvili
recruit_character = ZHR_Victorin_Molchanov
recruit_character = ZHR_Vladimir_Nemtsov
recruit_character = ZHR_Vyacheslav_Menzhinsky
recruit_character = ZHR_Alexander_Novikov
recruit_character = ZHR_Nikolai_Papivin
recruit_character = ZHR_Pavel_Zhigarev
recruit_character = ZHR_Syrovy

recruit_character = ZHR_Nikolai_Avksentiev
recruit_character = ZHR_alisa_rosenbaum
recruit_character = ZHR_anarchy

#har generals
recruit_character = ZHR_Stepan_Petrichenko
recruit_character = ZHR_Volin
recruit_character = ZHR_Alexander_Kozlovsky

#pri generals
recruit_character = ZHR_mikhail_muravyov

activate_advisor = ZHR_Pavel_Milyukov 
activate_advisor = ZHR_Nikolaj_Kondratiev
activate_advisor = ZHR_Mikhail_Tereshchenko2 
activate_advisor = ZHR_Alexei_Nikitin 
activate_advisor = ZHR_Sergei_Melgunov

create_country_leader = {
	name = "亚历山大·克伦斯基"
	desc="POLITICS_KERENSKY_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/ZHR/Portrait_Alexander_Kerensky.png"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = socdem_left_nationalism_subtype
}